c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarinfrst.Droid.dll
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarinfrst.Droid.pdb
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarinfrst.Droid.apk
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarinfrst.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarinfrst.dll
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarinfrst.pdb
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\obj\Debug\Xamarinfrst.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\obj\Debug\Xamarinfrst.Droid.dll
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\obj\Debug\Xamarinfrst.Droid.pdb
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\Xamarinfrst.Droid.apk
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\garvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst\Xamarinfrst.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
